---
course_id: 4182
quiz_id: 18304
id: 123878
type: multiple_answers_question
sources:
  - name: Active Record Associations Review
    url: https://learning.flatironschool.com/courses/4182/assignments/116252
---

# Active Record: Table Relationships

To create the following relationship:

- A **doctor** has many **appointments**
- A **doctor** has many **patients** through **appointments**
- An **appointment** belongs to a **doctor**
- An **appointment** belongs to a **patient**
- A **patient** has many **appointments**
- A **patient** has many **doctors** through **appointments**

What foreign keys would need need to be added to what database tables? Select
all that apply:

## Correct

Add a `patient_id` foreign key to the `appointments` table

> Right! An appointment belongs to a patient, so we need the `patient_id`
> foreign key on the `appointments` table to establish this relationship.

## Correct

Add a `doctor_id` foreign key to the `appointments` table

> Right! An appointment belongs to a doctor, so we need the `doctor_id` foreign
> key on the `appointments` table to establish this relationship.

## Incorrect

Add an `appointment_id` foreign key to the `doctors` table

> This would mean that a doctor belongs to an appointment, which is the opposite
> of what we want here.

## Incorrect

Add an `patient_id` foreign key to the `doctors` table

> This would mean that a patient belongs to an doctor; however, a patient can
> have many doctors.

## Incorrect

Add an `appointment_id` foreign key to the `patients` table

> This would mean that a patient belongs to an appointment, which is the opposite
> of what we want here.

## Incorrect

Add an `doctor_id` foreign key to the `patients` table

> This would mean that a doctor belongs to an patient; however, a doctor can
> have many patients.

## Incorrect

I don't know.
